---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: "/about/"
---
<p>The Close-Up Project is a community dedicated to the art and technology behind macro and close-up imaging. Founded to share information about techniques and concepts with all those seeking to push their creativity. We seek to help people improve their art while increasing their skillsets and knowledge. We strive to advance creativity and vision in macro photography.</p>
<p><strong>Dave Evans</strong>, <em>Founding Partner</em></p>
<p>Dave Evans has been a professional photographer for the last 15 years. He has had a love for macro photography since he first started using a camera. Over the last 15 years he has spent much of his career as a sports photographer always bringing macro images into his work. He is a husband, father and self-described geek. Being an avowed technologist he pushes to incorporate the latest innovations and techniques into his work. Dave loves how macro photography lets you see the world in a different way. It reveals things we miss with the naked eye, overlook as we go about our lives.</p>
<p><strong>Jon White</strong>, <em>Founding Partner</em></p>
<p>Jon White is a father, a husband, a professional web developer and an amateur photographer.  He spends his days building web applications and his free time trying to figure out when he can fit in some quality time with his camera.  He has only been shooting seriously for about a year but has always been interested in photography.  Jon believes the best part about macro photography is the ability to find the interesting in the mundane or the hidden beauty in something that, on the surface, appears ugly.</p>
<p><strong>Dan Simon</strong>, <em>Contributor</em></p>
<p>Dan Simon has more than 30 years experience as a writer and photographer. He recently completed work on the “David Busch Quick Snap Guide to the Olympus OMD-EM5”. His published works include the “Digital Photography Bible Desktop Edition” (sole author, John Wiley and Sons Publishing), “Digital Photography All-in-one, A complete desk reference for Dummies,” (contributing author, John Wiley and Sons Publishing), and (contributing author, “Digital Photos, Movies, &amp; Music Gigabook for Dummies,” John Wiley and Sons Publishing). He&#8217;s also written user guides to several micro four thirds cameras including the Olympus E-P2 and Panasonic Lumix DMC- GF1. Dan loves macro photography because it lets him visit a completely new world. He gets to see close-up how the creatures in his garden live their lives amongst the flowers and vegetables.<br />
<br />
<strong>If you have any questions or comments about The Close-Up Project we&#8217;d love to hear from you.  Use the Feedback button on the left or contact us directly at: </strong><br />
<a href="mailto:info@thecloseupproject.com">info@thecloseupproject.com</a></p>